feat: add min chunk size info (#412)
chainflip-io/chainflip-docs: pages/swapping/swapping-basics.mdx

As a result, the amount of **50100 USDC** from the successfully executed chunks is sent to the user's *destination* USDC wallet address.
The remaining **4 BTC** is refunded to the user's *refund* BTC wallet address.

#### Minimum Chunk Size

> While the protocol allows for dca parameters (number of chunks) to be set by the broker, the number of chunks can be adjusted internally to ensure a minimum size per chunk.

Reviewer: We could probably give some motivation for this so it doesn't sound arbitrary. For exmaple: 
```suggestion
While the protocol allows for dca parameters (number of chunks) to be set by the broker, the protocol sets a limit on the minimum amount per chunk (below which the execution would not result in better pricing and would just delay the swap unnecessarily), and can reduce the number chunks accordingly.

```
